Docker Threat Modeling
Given Docker's system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats 
that may arise.
1. Spoofing
   An attacker gain access as an admin to manipulate of the docker image.

2. Tampering
   Attacker may gain acecss to docker client due to docker misconfiguration such that it can pull down image with his malware attached.

3. Information Disclosure
   because of daemon file configuration not secure, an attacker may access to information that is unintended leak out.

4. Elevation of Privilege: 
   container image can be elevated via the flag --privilege

5. Denial of Service
   attacker launch syn flood attacked to the application causing valid service unable to function.


Kubernetes Threat Modeling
Given Kubernetes' system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats 
that may arise.
1. Spoofing 
   man in the middle attacks due to configuration mismatch when apiserver cannot verify kubelets ssl certificate correctly.

2. Tampering
   attacker access to the kubernetes and install his own malware in of the the pods.

3. Repudiation
   by default, kubernetes does not allow certificate recovation and repudiation can happen due to that.

4. Information Disclosure
   an attacker may inspect processes running outside of the containers when configuration hostPIG is set to true

5. Denial of Service
   attacker may syn floods the pods causing cluster unable to serve legitimate requests.


Docker-bench Run Results and Analysis
From the failed findings, select and document 3 findings from the Docker-bench results that 
you want to harden based on the 5 attack surface areas you identified in Step 1. At 
least 1 of the 3 hardened findings should be different from the ones mentioned in the 
exercise (i.e. 5.10, 5.14, and 5.22).
1. 1.1.10
   Ensure auditing is configured for Docker files and directories - /var/lib/docker (Automated)

2. 2.2 
   Ensure network traffic is restricted between containers on the default bridge

3. 2.14
   Ensure containers are restricted from acquiring new privileges

4. error 2.15
   Ensure live restore is enabled

5. error 2.16
   Ensure Userland Proxy is Disabled

